Clarify option resolution regarding fallback option values (#1054)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/formatting.md

   1. Let `id` be the string value of the _identifier_ of the _option_.
   1. Let `rv` be the _resolved value_ of the _option value_.
   1. If `rv` is a _fallback value_:
      1. Emit a _Bad Option_ error, if supported.
   1. Else:
      1. If the _option value_ consists of a _literal_:
         1. Mark `rv` as a _literal_ _option value_.
      1. Set `res[id]` to be `rv`.
1. Return `res`.

> [!NOTE]

> > If the _resolved value_ of an _option value_ contains a _fallback value_,
> > the _option_ is intentionally omitted from the list of _options_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the _resolved value_ of an _option value_ is a _fallback value_,
> the _option_ is intentionally omitted from the mapping of resolved options.
```

The result of _option resolution_ MUST be a (possibly empty) mapping
of string identifiers to values;
that is, errors MAY be emitted, but such errors MUST NOT be fatal.
This mapping can be empty.

> [!NOTE]
> The _resolved value_ of a _function_ _operand_

> > can also include resolved _option values_.

Reviewer: An _option value_ is a syntax construct, and therefore cannot appear in a mapping of resolved values.

```suggestion
> can also include resolved option values.
```
